added delete query to tenable.sc (#18519)
demisto/content: Packs/Tenable_sc/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Tenable.sc

> - Fixed an issue that the integration created empty queries in Tenable UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***tenable-sc-get-scan-report*** command created empty queries in Tenable UI. 
```
